c:\users\marijn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightSim\FlightSim\obj\x86\Debug\FlightSim.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\marijn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightSim\FlightSim\bin\Windows\Debug\FlightSim.exe
c:\users\marijn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightSim\FlightSim\bin\Windows\Debug\FlightSim.pdb
c:\users\marijn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightSim\FlightSim\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\marijn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightSim\FlightSim\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\marijn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightSim\FlightSim\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\marijn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightSim\FlightSim\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\marijn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightSim\FlightSim\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\marijn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightSim\FlightSim\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\marijn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightSim\FlightSim\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\marijn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightSim\FlightSim\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\marijn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightSim\FlightSim\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\marijn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightSim\FlightSim\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\marijn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightSim\FlightSim\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\marijn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightSim\FlightSim\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\marijn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightSim\FlightSim\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\marijn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightSim\FlightSim\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\marijn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightSim\FlightSim\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\marijn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightSim\FlightSim\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\marijn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightSim\FlightSim\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\marijn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightSim\FlightSim\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\marijn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightSim\FlightSim\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\marijn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightSim\FlightSim\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\marijn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightSim\FlightSim\obj\x86\Debug\FlightSim.exe
c:\users\marijn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightSim\FlightSim\obj\x86\Debug\FlightSim.pdb
C:\Users\marijn\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FlightSim\FlightSim\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\bullet.jpg
C:\Users\marijn\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FlightSim\FlightSim\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\riemerstexture.bmp
C:\Users\marijn\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FlightSim\FlightSim\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\skybox_back.JPG
C:\Users\marijn\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FlightSim\FlightSim\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\skybox_bottom.JPG
C:\Users\marijn\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FlightSim\FlightSim\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\skybox_front.JPG
C:\Users\marijn\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FlightSim\FlightSim\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\skybox_left.JPG
C:\Users\marijn\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FlightSim\FlightSim\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\skybox_right.JPG
C:\Users\marijn\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FlightSim\FlightSim\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\skybox_top.JPG
C:\Users\marijn\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FlightSim\FlightSim\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\texturemap.jpg
C:\Users\marijn\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FlightSim\FlightSim\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\skybox.x
C:\Users\marijn\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FlightSim\FlightSim\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\skybox2.x
C:\Users\marijn\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FlightSim\FlightSim\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\target.x
C:\Users\marijn\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FlightSim\FlightSim\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\xwing.x
C:\Users\marijn\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FlightSim\FlightSim\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\effects.fx
C:\Users\marijn\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FlightSim\FlightSim\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\effects.xnb
